docs(changeset): feat(core): simplify connect query declaration (#142)
igorkamyshev/farfetched: .changeset/orange-books-train.md

---
'@farfetched/core': patch
---

> feat(core): simplify connect query declaration

Reviewer: I suggest putting something meaningful for changelogs here. Like "Fixed incorrect type inference in ..."

> feat(core): fixed connect query typings (incorrect inference of argument in fn)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix `connectQuery` incorrect inference of argument in `fn` in some cases
```
